# holograms
Projects required for senior students  

## Basics  
---
* [BMP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BMP_file_format)  
* [Computer-generated Holography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer-generated_holography)  

## Prerequisites
---
* Visual Studio 2015  
* C programming language  
* Library: FFTW

## Files  
---
* `ten1.3d` and `cube284.3d` are binary textfiles storing points. Each point consists of three dimensionals. File  `ten1.3d` only has one point, whereas file `cube284.3d` has 284 points.
* Only `Source.cpp` and `cube.cpp` used amplitude holography, and the others used phase holography. Computations of phase holography used Euler rules to operate.
* `fresnel1.cpp` and `fresnel2.cpp` used fresnel approximation to reduce the computing time.
* `recursion1.cpp` and `recursion2.cpp` used recurrence formula to compute the points one by one.
* `fourier.cpp` used fresnel diffraction to compute CGH.
* `reCGH.cpp` is the simulation of optimal-imaging holography. The result is the same with holography generated by optical experiment.  

## Parameters I used  
---
* Sampling points: 1024 (with x dimension and y dimension)  
* Sampling pitch: 8.0 microseconds
* Wavelength: 532 nanoseconds
* Moving distance: z = 0.5 meters  
* Some biases were added to generate easily-observed optical images. In fact the optical images that I generated still had some residue shadow, so I highly recommend you try other parameters.  
* Note the order of iterations can influence the time cost.  

## Report.pptx  
---
I also added a report which I delivered on a presentation after I finished all the projects.  
There is also an optical image in the ppt. It is very beautiful, I think. :)  
Apologize for all the descriptions in Japanese.  
Hope that can be of help.  

---
Hope you can have fun.
